Mel S. Harris & assoc. used deceptive collection practices while attempting to collect on a purchased debt. Once initial contact had been made and a discussion on solutions to resolve the debt, the attorney office sent out a summons for an appearance in court. The representative had advised us that " we should not worry because we will receive several of these notifications. '' However, there was a case filed in the city court and required an immediate response to avoid a default judgment. This summons was used as a collection tool while in mutual good faith discussion on how to repay the debt. The representatives refused to discuss reasonable payment arrangements and told us to deal with the courts. When I inquired as to why a summons was sent out while we were talking to their agency in good faith I was hung up on. After calling back XXXX times I was finally connected to a supervisor who again tried to tell me not to worry about the summons. As I inquired further as to the reason of the summons I was hung up on again. I was hung up on a total of XXXX times while asking to speak to a manager or an attorney within their office. This debt is over XXXX years old and was supposedly incurred by my mother in law who is on a fixed income and under the care of XXXX. Every time I had requested documentation or verification of the debt I was told to deal with it in court -- even though I was assured prior, that nothing had been sent or filed with the court! I am an advocate for my mother in law while dealing with what I consider to be an unprofessional and unscrupulous debt collector. The summons was sent just to solidify their subtle threats of garnishment, liens, or any other means at their disposal. My concern is that this would appear to be a regular occurrence with this agency. Once the attorney office makes contact with a consumer they issue a summons to scare the debtor. My mother in law was served on XXXX/XXXX/15 ; we had started discussing the debt on XXXX/XXXX/15 which means they ordered it while we were discussing in good faith our options on the debt. Mel S. Harris & assoc is using the power and intimidation of the summons and the court system as a scare tactic and collection tool to coerce and discriminate against consumers